Malstone is a stylized benchmark for data intensive computing.  It is available [here](http://malgen.googlecode.com/files/malstone-googlecode-0_8_2.tar.gz).

0.8.2 fixes a bug with the malstone b python output.

# Introduction #

We introduce a benchmark for clouds designed for data intensive computing that is a stylized analytic computation called `MalStone`.  `MalStone` uses records generated by `MalGen`, i.e records with the following format:

> `Event ID | Timestamp | Site ID | Compromise Flag | Entity ID`

The `MalStone A-10` and `B-10` benchmarks each consist of 10 billion records and the timestamps are all within a year period.  The `MalStone A-10` benchmark computes a ratio for each site w as follows:  for each site w, aggregate all entities that visited the site at any time, and compute the percent of visits for which the entity became compromised at any future time subsequent to the visit.

`MalStone B-10` is similar except that the ratio is computed each week d, and computes: for each site w, and for all entities that visited the site at week d or earlier, the percent of visits for which the entity became compromised at any time between the visit and the end of the week d.

# Resources #

A technical reports introduces the benchmark and describes three illustrative implementations.  The code archive contains the three illustrative implementations.

  * malstone-TR-09-01.pdf
  * malstone-googlecode-0\_8\_2.tar.gz

These are available under the Downloads tab and featured on the Project Home page.  **Note** that he current version of the code is 0.8.2.  This fixes a bug with the malstone b python reducer.  The correct values were being calculated, but the wrong key was used in creating the record in the output.


# Details #

The illustrative implementations are

  * using the Hadoop Distributed File System and Hadoop’s implementation of Map/Reduce
  * using the Hadoop Distributed File System, Hadoop’s Streaming Interface, and Python
  * using the Sector Distributed File System and Sphere’s User Defined Functions (UDFs)

and experimental results of running these implementations over 20 nodes of the Open Cloud Testbed are provided.